feat: add docker-compose configurations for Developer track (#682)
ProjectLibertyLabs/gateway: docs/src/Run/GatewayServices/RunGatewayServices.md

Author: With the new flow using `start.sh`, I think it makes sense to condense the different services into one page.

Author: With the new flow using start.sh, I think it makes sense to condense the different services into one page.

   - [Account Service](https://github.com/ProjectLibertyLabs/gateway/blob/main/developer-docs/account/README.md)
   - [Graph Service](https://github.com/ProjectLibertyLabs/gateway/blob/main/developer-docs/graph/README.md)
   - [Content Publishing Service](https://github.com/ProjectLibertyLabs/gateway/blob/main/developer-docs/content-publishing/README.md)
   - [Content Watcher Service](https://github.com/ProjectLibertyLabs/gateway/blob/main/developer-docs/content-watcher/README.md)

3. Press `Enter` to connect to Frequency Paseo Testnet (Recommended), or type `n` to connect to a local Frequency node.

4. Select the Gateway Services you want to start by answering `y` or `n` for each service:

   - **Account Service**: Manages user accounts and authentication.
   - **Graph Service**: Handles the creation and querying of social graphs.
   - **Content Publishing Service**: Manages the publishing and distribution of content.

>    - **Content Watcher Service**: Monitors content for updates and changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - **Content Watcher Service**: Monitors the chain for content announcements (new content, updates, etc).
```

5. Choose the Frequency API Websocket URL for the selected services. The default will be set to the network chosen in step 3.

6. Choose the Sign In With Frequency RPC URL for the selected services. The default will be set to the network chosen in step 3.

7. Enter a Provider ID. See the links provided by `start.sh` for more information on Provider IDs.

8. Enter the seed phrase for the Provider ID. This will be used to sign transactions before sending them to the Frequency blockchain.

9. Choose to configure an IPFS Pinning Service or use the default IPFS container. See the [IPFS Setup Guide](https://projectlibertylabs.github.io/gateway/Run/IPFS.html) for more information.

> 10. The configuration will be saved to `$HOME/.projectliberty/.env.gateway-dev` for future use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
10. The configuration will be saved to `$HOME/.projectliberty/.env.gateway-dev` for future use.
(NOTE: you can store multiple project profiles stored as `$HOME/.projectliberty/.env.<profile-name>` and access them by running the initial command as `./start.sh -n <profile-name>`)
```
